Here it is. ADA Lovelace has been called the world's first computer programmer.
What she did was write the world's first machine algorithm for an early
computing machine. That existed only on paper. Of course,
someone had to be the first, but Lovelace was a woman and this was in the 1840s.
Suck it, suck it.
Stupid people suck it. ADA,
ADA was rock and in the 18 hundreds. She's figuring it out. Imagine you've,
you'd be like, look, one day, they're gonna be able to do this right now.
They don't want to do it. But if one day,
if they just figure out how to do this, this, this, this, and that.
And we're gonna have computers and the computers will operate on this algorithm.
And people are looking at you like pitch, what the are you talking about?
Computers like imagined how, what a hell? It would be to be a super,
super genius living amongst the cave. People you like, you.
We could be flying around. If you knew how to melt the aluminum,
can you guys get me some glass?
You don't know glass Shatz do you have any wires? You have no wire. Okay.
Where do you get your metal? You don't have metal. What
you imagine? If you like, we're looking at metal in the ground, like,
why don't they just pull the metal out and make things out of that?
And they're all like, and you're like, what's the point?
What's the point in making a house? What's the point?
What's the point in having glass windows that look out at these cave,
people each other and stabbing mastodons in the deck with Flint tips,
tools. Imagine what a hell that would be.
That would be like the worst thing you could do to somebody.
Like imagine if one day they come up with a time machine. And, uh,
one of the punishments for people that were real pieces of,
as you throw them in front of Gingiss,
con's hoard in like 1200 a D you would just like,
take your underwear. You're in your underwear.
Everybody knows it's going to happen. You have a chance to live.
If you just might get lucky,
Mike teleport into the right spot and not get slaughtered and eaten by the
Mongols as they come over the top of the hill.
But we're gonna put you right in front of them and you know,
good luck you piece of and transported with time machine.
I mean, if they do come up with, uh, the ability to do that to people one day,
like an actual time machine,
that would be the biggest hell ever take a person from 2018.
Who's used to driving around in his Tesla,
checking his texts every five minutes. And no, you we're going to let you live.
We're going to let you live, but you're going to live in 1200. A D no doctors,
no doctors. What the is a doctor? What are you talking about, man?
You gotta run. You gotta run. They're coming over the hill. You know,
you smell that. Yeah. That's people burning. You smell people burning,
like candles run, just run. But you're alive.
That was the punishment. Yeah. That'd be fun. Now that would be crazy.
Imagine if somebody raped you and you get to decide what year they come back,
where they have to go, just send this back to the dinosaur era. Good luck you.
And then they they're there.
They're going to be by themselves 65 million years ago.
How many people would say yes to that? Like how many people said yes, well,
we could do one thing. Bernie Madoff.
We could either put you in jail for the rest of your life, or you get freedom
in prehistoric central Asia. What would you do?
I'd take the death by prehistoric central Asia all day. You got to live day.
Throw me in Siberia there. I die there,
but at least I'm not in a cage until my heart stops beating a hundred percent.
I'd take that all day. I'll roll the dice. I'll roll the dice. It'll suck.
I'll die for sure. But I'll dive, running or trying to get away or,
you know, break a leg. You know, I'm not going to die in that box.
That's the craziest thing about you. Don't you,
you just decide when someone has crossed some line that you're going to take
you out of circulation. And we're just going to cool you in this little cage,
and we're going to hope you get better when we let you out in 15 years,
like what a stupid idea. It's not working. That's how you know,
it's a stupid idea. It's not, it's not working for anyone.
You want to protect people from violent offenders. That's primary,
right? Violent offenders.
People who want to Rob people or murder people or rape people or
assault people. That is the number one thing is we want everybody,
everybody to be safe. I love Jamie. I don't want Jamie to have to worry.
When he walks down the street, that this guy,
they locked up 10 times going to jump out of the bushes and take his knees out
with a baseball bat for no reason other than he's crazy. Right?
You don't want that. Nobody wants that. So we all agree.
You got to lock up rapists and murderers and all that. But after that,
after you get to, after you get past that, it's like, Hmm, what,
what good does it do to get that guy that cheated on his taxes?
Why do you put him in a cage for a year?
Why don't you let them work and pay you back? Like,
why is he in a cage for a year? That seems,
that seems like you're punishing them. Like you're, you're, you're,
you're just trying to torture them and steal a year of his life.
But he'll just owes you money. He doesn't know you a year of his life.
How much is a year of your life worth? It's worth billions of dollars a year.
Your life, you, man. You can't take a year of someone's life. That's crazy.
But if you owe taxes to go, I'd like a year of your life, sir.
Or if you're selling plants, selling plants or worse,
you're one of those people that didn't, uh, send the envelope.
And you're trying to bring some of that 4,000 pounds of cocaine over
what would be a good deterrent for some firm to stop. So I don't think there's,
I think education is the real determine. You have to catch them.
And there has to be punishment. I give you owe people money.
There should be reparations. You should like, if you,
if you were involved in some sort of a banking scheme and you rip people off,
you should have to pay those people back. Period. You should have,
you should be responsible for that after that. Um,
you're assuming that someone's capable of growing.
And sometimes we don't like to do that.
It's very convenient to assume that someone is in a static state and they're
never going to grow, oh, this old banker. He's just a ritual.
And this is how he's going to die. him. There's there's that thing.
But he's a human being.
And even if he lived his life people over on those, uh, you know,
those weird mortgage situation loans that were going on,
what were those things called? Those, um, the adjustable arm. Yeah,
the adjustable mortgages that people got on because they signed up for them and
they were really low rate.
And then all sudden the rate jacked up through the roof and they were just
inevitably going to lose their house.
And this was like something that people knew about it before.
And even the people that organized that kind of, even knowing they can grow.
It's a horrible thing they did. But they used to say that they're done,
lock them up forever. My grandma lost her house.
It's terrible that your grandma lost her house and whoever the benefited from
your grandma, losing the house, they should all have to give that money back to,
we should figure out the.
How the did they allow these banks to weasel people like that?
You're not looking out for anybody's best interest when you do something like
that. And obviously they didn't know they were going to,
the rates are going to get as high as they got where people were. Oh,
they should have situations, but they should've,
they should've known something was coming.
You hit the point though that they should have been paid back. Yeah.
They should've been paid. None of those people got paid back.
Doesn't matter how long you lock them up for like, nobody got their house back.
Yeah. Everyone got over.
And even people that were involved in the organizations that were probably
responsible in part for the recession, which everything up. They,
all those people, all got bonuses when there was bailouts.
The whole thing is the bailout should've been for the everybody who lost their
home. For sure. For sure. It shouldn't the bailout.
Most certainly shouldn't have gone to.
I know that they have to pay these people, these bonuses,
because these bonuses are in their contract, but that's still crazy.
It's still crazy. Even if it's in the contract, I mean,
the government's going to bail you guys out, you guys are a failed business.
It's banks have failed business,
and you're still going to try to claim that you guys did so well that you need a
bonus. Like this is great.
And you're going to take that taxpayer money and apply it to your bonus.
So all those poor people out there working $50,000 a year,
you're going to just take a giant what? What's a good one for one of those guys.
What's a good one. What's a good bonus.
What do you think is like the biggest bonus that one of those banker guys got
during the bailout? If you get 300 million. Oh, is it that high?
I don't think it's that high. I got it. 30 minutes. 30 minutes. At least.
That's what the JP Morgan guy got last year. 31 30 last year. Yeah.
But wait a minute. No, we're not in a recession though.
Like they were getting it at the end of uh,
bushes term, right? So that was 2009, eight.
He got 16 million, someone got 16 million guy
got 16 million during the bailouts. Well,
in his worst year he got 20 million baller.
We think his house looks like it's probably made out of cocaine.
It's probably like an igloo
walks by and licks the walls.
Here's the real question you give the average person, 25 billion bucks.
They don't have to work again ever. You know,
this guy's making 20 million bucks every year or more probably with all these
bonuses. Right? Like what, what, when do you get out?
Like how much do you have to have in the bank before you go, you know what?
I'm just going to live frugally and never work again.
That guy does not need to live frugally. He doesn't even.
Any, but I mean, for most folks,
like what's the number that you'd have to get to where you're like check please.
Yeah.
I don't know what the D th whatever that driving forces though, to attain that,
that doesn't just magically go away. You know,
it's not like you get to that point. And you're like, alright, now I can retire.
Like, what are you doing? Retirement. Look at the people who continue to work.
You have a thousand things you love to do. Right. And you're good at them.
And you're obsessed with them. Other people don't have that.
All they know is their job. All they know is to work. And they don't.
They have a hard time integrating when they come out of that. You know,
you have to have something that gives your life, meaning and purpose.
Yeah, that's true. Um, it's hard for people to take up new hobbies too,
but really fun. That's the thing about learning stuff, getting good at stuff.
When you suck, there's a little, you know,
there's a period at the beginning of it's frustrating, but once you,
if you do do like anything, no matter what it is, especially physical stuff,
something about getting good at things. It's very rewarding. You know,
not enough people go through that, not enough people, I think try new out.
And I think there's also new pathways that get opened in your brain.
The more you try something new that you suck at,
and when you start off from that beginner phase and try to like put it together.
And I think the little journey of the beginner phase getting better,
I think we should try something new once a year. I really do. I mean,
maybe more, but for me,
it can't be more than once a year because I get too crazy about stuff for me.
Once a year. It's like,
I might be able to squeeze something in once a year and try it out for a little
while and not let it overcome all the things I'm already crazy about. You know,
how often do you go hunting? Well, uh,
it's usually in the fall for elk,
and then usually we do something in the
early spring. Uh, we go to Lanai and we, uh,
hunt for access.